the temporary weekend pae in fighting
brought a brief respite to war weary
civilians it also revealed how much the
massive Israeli assault has devastated
the lives of the people of Gaza we saw
scenes of indiscriminate destruction
some described it as a man-made
hurricane a whole neighborhood reduced
to debris uh Rubble blocks of flattened
apartment buildings sores of bodies
still buried on mountains of Twisted
wreckage the death toll keeps climbing
the fighting has claimed well over 1,000
Palestinian lives most of them civilians
hundreds of them children Hamas rocket
fire has claimed the lives of three
Israeli civilians at least 16
Palestinian civilian death and more than
200 100 200 injuries came as a result of
an appalling assault on a un School in B
hanon we were Sheltering families women
and children who had sought Refuge from
the fighting ongoing hostilities have
prevented
establishing conclusive
responsibility it is imperative to do so
and to have accountability for this
outrageous
crime indeed there must be
accountability and justice for crimes
committed by all
sides